📖 Update documentation (#76)
hashicorp/terraform-cloud-operator: docs/faq.md

  With the default values of `sync-period` (5 minutes) and `*-workers` (1 worker per controller), we recommend managing **100 resources per token**. This number can vary based on previously mentioned factors. This number can be updated later to accommodate changes in the Terraform Cloud API.

- **What can be done to improve performance?**

>   The Operator allows referring to a TFC object by the ID or name. For example, the `Workspace` controller supports the Run Triggers option.   It accepts a list of Workspaces that will be triggered. An item can be referred to either by `ID` or `Name`. When you use a name, the Operator does an API call on each reconciliation in order to get the ID of the target Workspace. It makes it more dynamic but causes extra API calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Operator allows you to refer to Terraform Cloud resources by their name or ID. For example, the `Workspace` controller allows you to specify another workspace to use as a [Run Trigger](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/run-triggers).  It accepts a list of workspaces that will be triggered where each item can either be the `ID` or `Name` of the workspace. When you use a name, the Operator does an API call on each reconciliation in order to get the ID of the target Workspace. This makes configurations easier to read, but causes more API calls to be as the operator needs to figure out what the ID of workspace is from the name. 
```
